Estimated programming hours

Meeting
30 min. Meeting 3 times per week
8 meetings total
4hrs total

Bug Fixes
If a player shoots again before alert to switch players pops up: 1hr
	LOC <5: Fixing this bug would likely be only a few lines of code. The majority of the time
	would likely be spent understanding and identifying the bug in the code.

Able to guess before your done placing ships: 2hr
	LOC ≅ 10: To fix this bug we would have to figure how to disable the entire guessing
	boards buttons. We then have to identify where and when to disable and enable buttons
	for each of the guessing/enemy boards.
6th ship placed does not have to follow dimension rules: 1hr
	LOC ≅ 10: Fixing this bug would likely require changing certain conditions when
	switching from placing ships to guessing and disabling specific buttons as to not allow
	the incorrect dimension options.
Attempts to place a ship out of bounds wrong dimensions of the ship & can cancel out of horizontal or vertical prompt to place ship with weird dimensions: 4hr
	LOC ≅ 40: These two bugs kind of go hand-and-hand. We would need to only allow
	options to place ships so that the player cannot place ships out of bounds and can not
	get weird dimensions. Likely need to implement a different mechanism than alerts to
	determine horizontal or vertical.
Player 1 and player 2 can have different number ships:  1hr
	LOC ≅ 10:  To fix this bug we would need to disallow player 2 from being done placing
	ships if their number of ships does not equal player 1’s, then switch to the guessing
	portion of the game when they are equal.

Players can have no ships placed: 15min
	LOC < 5: To fix this bug we likely only need to disable the done placing ships button until
	after at least one ship is placed
Can shoot at positions you have already guessed:1hr
	LOC ≅ 15: To fix this bug we would can either check that if they click the same button
	they already guessed, it gives the message that they already guessed there and allows
	them to guess again or we can disable that button so they cannot guess the same space
	again.

Custom additions
button to play again: 30 min
	LOC ≅ 10: Only need to add a button to player.html for play again and only show it when
	someone has won.
sound effects added: 30min
	LOC ≅ 15: Add sound effects folder with effects for hit (explosion) miss (water). Then
	create functions for specific sound effects and call them when the player hits or misses.
light/dark mode: 4hr
LOC ≅ 60: To add this custom addition we would need to considerably edit the .css files,
	create darkMode.js, and edit html to have a button that switches the css syles.

AI
Easy difficulty: 5hr
	LOC ≅ 300+: For creating AI we would need to copy and place a lot of the code,js and
	edit the player 2 to be functioning for an AI instead. The majority of the time would be
	implementing AI properties and a small amount of time would be dedicated to easy logic.
Medium difficulty: 3hr
	LOC ≅ 40: Already have code for AI properties from implementing the easy difficulty. We
	only need to edit logic to fit medium difficulties requirements (hardest logic to implement)
Hard difficulty:1.5hr
	LOC ≅ 30: Time would be spent creating hard difficulties logic. Likely need to go through
	players board and immediately shoot player ships until none are left.

Total Estimated Time ≅ 25
